# CS-330
Coursework Done in CS-330: Comp Graphic and Visualization

  From this project, I have gained many skills that I did not have before this class. I had never worked with OpenGL before, so this was my first attemt at a project. The course was very well laid out to structure and create this environment, while also doing it in a a simple way. I now have a very simple understanding of how to create anything I want in OpenGL. This can allow for many future projects for fun, as you can create basically anything in it. I mainly followed the design process we used in class and with the templates throughout it. This allowed for a nice guideline and structure for this project. In the future, I could use tactics from my design to create things such as logos, games, simple pictures, etc. 

  While working on my 3D scenery, I used development techniques like GLEW, GLW, GLAD, and shader functionalities to create these scenes. This allowed for a much smoother experience, as well as much better looking textures and objects in the end. These were challenging to grasp, but once you start to get the hang of it the possibilities are endless. Iteration was a very important thing in this project. For example, the structure of this project allows for the continous adding of objects and scenery now by simply repeating the same steps as before with the new version. Iteration was also used with the constant debugging and troubleshooting with this project. This took a lot of time, but it was worth it in the end. 

  Computational graphics and visualizations are very useful things to understand and know how to do. It can lead to a lot of doors down the road, as basically everything on the internet has a 3D picture embedded in it. Digital graphics are a very hot market, and have been for a while. Businesses, whether online, in-person or a hybrid mix always need logos, branding, and various graphics. Video games need a huge amount of these, and this is what this project was aimed more towards. This class has definetely taught me very valuable skills relative to today's world. I will continue to experiment with OpenGl after this class, as it is the most fun I have had coding and it can lead to a lot of opportunity. 
